Authentication management:
	Log in will consist of:
		A text box for username
		A textbox for password
		A link for recovering the password
		A log in button
	Register will consist of:
		A text box for username
		A textbox for password
		A textbox for email
		A register button.
	Log out will consist of:
		A log out button

Organizational chart management:
	Town Hall departments will be chosen from a predefined name list. 
	New departments can be added. 
	New departments can be saved.
	Each department will have a graphical representation.
	Relations between departments will be represented with orientated lines and annotated with the relationship type.
	The graphical entity which will represent a department will allow adding information related to the people that will work in the department.
	The graphical entity which will represent a department will allow adding information related to the relations between people.
	The graphical entity which will represent a department will allow viewing information related to the people that will work in the department.
	The graphical entity which will represent a department will allow viewing information related to the relations between people.
	The organizational chart will be stored in a file with a predefined type.

Online audiences management:
	Audience schedule will be specified for each week, with the possibility to be kept for the next week.
	It will be taken into consideration that there can be more than two users (citizen and mayor) logged into the chat at the same time.
	For group audiences the mayor will have the possibility to post the discussion on the website.
	The audience planning option will allow citizens to make requests, in which they will specify their personal and contact data. As a result of this request citizens will receive an answer specifying the date and hour of the audience.
	The application will automatically initiate a chat with the citizens at the planned date and hour, using the contact details provided.
Document management:
	Files will be stored by category: informative documents, pending approval documents, modifiable pending approval documents.
	There will be a function for searching documents in the database. 
	The search will be performed by document name, owner name or category.
	The information system will allow scanning documents facilities.
	The information system will allow printing documents facilities.
	Each document will have a stamp of the last person who edited it.

The clients will have an intuitive interface.
The clients will have a user-friendly interface.

The server will have an intuitive interface.
The server will have a user-friendly interface.

A database server will be configured for storing data.
A database server will be configured for managing data.
